README.md, before:

# 🚀 URL Shortner v1.0

**URL Shortner V1.0** – A simple web-based URL shortener built with **Flask** and **Python**.

---

## 📝 Project Overview

  This app allows users to enter a long HTTPS URL and generate a shortened version.  

This is version **v1.0**, which includes the **core functionality**:

- 🖥 Input a URL through a web form
- ✂️ Generate a shortened URL using Python/Flask
- 📄 Display the shortened URL on the same page

> ⚠️ Note: The JavaScript **copy button** and other enhancements will be added in later versions.

---

## ✨ Features

- 🐍 Built with **Python Flask** for backend
- 🎨 Responsive form UI using **HTML/CSS**
- 🔒 URL validation for HTTPS links
- 👍 User-friendly layout with gradient styling

---

## 📂 Folder Structure

v1.0/
├── main.py
├── templates/
│ └── index.html
└── static/
└── styles.css


---

## ⚙️ Installation & Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/chamika-u/URL-SHORTNER.git
cd URL-SHORTNER/v1.0
```
2. Create a virtual environment:

```bash
python -m venv myenv
```
3. Activate the environment:

```bash
myenv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
```
4. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
5. Run the Flask app:

```bash
python main.py
```
6. Open your browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/


---
## ✨ Quick Links

- [Project Repository](https://github.com/chamika-u/URL-SHORTNER)  
- [Flask Documentation](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/)  
- [pyshorteners](https://pypi.org/project/pyshorteners/)  
---

## 🙌 Thank You

Thanks for checking out **URL Shortner v1.0**! 🎉  
Feel free to experiment, contribute, or suggest improvements.  

Stay curious and keep building amazing web tools! 🌐✨  

Built with ❤️ using Python, Flask, pyshorteners, and Bitly API.

---

Commit message:

Revise README for version v1.1 and new features
Updated version information and added new feature details.

README.md, after:

# 🚀 URL Shortner v1.0

**URL Shortner V1.0** – A simple web-based URL shortener built with **Flask** and **Python**.

---

## 📝 Project Overview

  This app allows users to enter a long HTTPS URL and generate a shortened version.  

This is version v1.1, which improves upon v1.0 by adding:

🖥 Input a URL through a web form
✂️ Generate a shortened URL using Python/Flask
📄 Display the shortened URL on the same page
📋 New! Copy button with JavaScript for quick copying

---

## ✨ Features

- 🐍 Built with **Python Flask** for backend
- 🎨 Responsive form UI using **HTML/CSS**
- 🔒 URL validation for HTTPS links
- 👍 User-friendly layout with gradient styling

---

## 📂 Folder Structure

v1.0/
├── main.py
├── templates/
│ └── index.html
└── static/
└── styles.css


---

## ⚙️ Installation & Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/chamika-u/URL-SHORTNER.git
cd URL-SHORTNER/v1.0
```
2. Create a virtual environment:

```bash
python -m venv myenv
```
3. Activate the environment:

```bash
myenv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
```
4. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
5. Run the Flask app:

```bash
python main.py
```
6. Open your browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/


---
## ✨ Quick Links

- [Project Repository](https://github.com/chamika-u/URL-SHORTNER)  
- [Flask Documentation](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/)  
- [pyshorteners](https://pypi.org/project/pyshorteners/)  
---

## 🙌 Thank You

Thanks for checking out **URL Shortner v1.0**! 🎉  
Feel free to experiment, contribute, or suggest improvements.  

Stay curious and keep building amazing web tools! 🌐✨  

Built with ❤️ using Python, Flask, pyshorteners, and Bitly API.

---
